>> Estelle: Radial gradients have
two things in common with the linear
gradients, which are color-stops and
color-hints.
>> Estelle: The thing to remember
in terms of the position is
you wanna use the at keyword.
The position that you're declaring is
the center point of your radial gradient,
the center of the circle or the ellipse.
>> Estelle: And
if the size it specifies as a circle, or
if it's omitted,
the length can be a length or percent.
So let's look here at this,
this is the default.
By default,
a background gradient that is radial,
just like linear, will be at the center,
it'll be centered.
Here we're going, we're saying an ellipse
at center, default is ellipse,
default is at center.
And then I say palegoldenrod at 0% and
rebeccapurple at 100%.
>> Estelle: If I said at 25, 25, rather,
>> Estelle: Or at 5.
>> Estelle: One of the other things is
that it basically has the same aspect
ratio as the parent.
So the aspect ratio of my gradient,
it's basically in this corner right here.
And if I actually do 0,
0, the palegoldenrod,
it will be right here, it's palegoldenrod.
Right here at the farthest
corner it's rebeccapurple, and
the gradient line
basically goes like that.
>> Estelle: So in terms of position,
you can use the same values
as the background-position property
that we used earlier today.
You wanna include the at key
term in front of it, though.
With background-position on background
images, we don't include the at, right?
But in the radial gradient,
when you're declaring the radial gradient,
you can also add a background-position
to the radial gradient and say,
I want this radial gradient
background image to be here.
But within the syntax of the radial
gradient, you're using the at key term.
>> Estelle: There are no angles
because it's a circle, right?
So it's going around, or
it's an ellipse that's going around.
So it's called a gradient ray,
not a gradient line.
So let's talk about the position.
This little black dot,
you see how it says black 1%, 1%.
So it's gonna go black from 0 to 1%.
And the midpoint, there,
it's a solid black circle,
wherever the midpoint is of my gradient,
and that's where it's gonna be.
So play along with this.
If I move it to the 25% mark, it's 25%
from the left and 95% from the top.
And here we're gonna change it to 15%,
the top.
And you can see that that
gradient changed, right?
There's definitely more
purple here in the center.
So the position is within the background
image size that you have.
So if we actually said background-size 300
pixels by 400 pixels, right?
Background,
>> Estelle: Actually,
let's make it 400 by 300,
cuz this looks ugly.
>> Estelle: And
I know I wanna make things look ugly,
but not that ugly, background-repeat.
>> Estelle: Okay, so
I'm just gonna have a single one.
And then I'm just gonna add
background-position and
put it in the bottom right,
so we can look at it,
background-position: 100%,
100%, and I spelled it wrong.
Okay, so
there's my gradient in the bottom corner,
it's a background image that
is 400 by 300 pixels, right,
it's 400 pixels wide, 300 pixels tall.
If we remember from
the background-position property,
the bottom right hand corner of
the background-image is in the bottom
right hand corner of the parent.
That's just background-position.
But in terms of the ellipse itself,
the center of the ellipse
is 25% from the left and
15% from the top of that background-image
size, whatever that size was, right?
We could make it 500 and 400.
It's gonna move to be within that,
but I wanna put it down here so
we can actually see it.
>> Estelle: I could do circle,
and you can barely see a change.
But if I did a background-size 600,
now let's do 800, right?
Circle, ellipse,
do you see the difference?
This one's really long, and not that tall.
>> Estelle: Okay, and let's do it
at the 50% mark from the top and
then change it to circle.
So here you could see that that ellipse
is a really long ellipse, right?
If I do circle, see it's rounder, it's
not going all the way off to the right.
I mean, it is actually going
off all the way to the right,
like this is where the 100% mark is, okay.
>> Estelle: So
we kinda did position already.
You can actually use the four-point
background-position.
Remember when we were
talking about the four,
when you could say 15 pixels bottom,
or right 10 pixels, bottom 10 pixels.
So with gradients, you can actually use
that four-point background position.
So yeah, it can be used not just
in background-position, but
in actual the position of your gradient.